hubble: add support for (m)TLS (#12906)
cilium-team/cilium: Documentation/cmdref/cilium-agent.md

      --http-request-timeout uint                     Time after which a forwarded HTTP request is considered failed unless completed (in seconds); Use 0 for unlimited (default 3600)
      --http-retry-count uint                         Number of retries performed after a forwarded request attempt fails (default 3)
      --http-retry-timeout uint                       Time after which a forwarded but uncompleted request is retried (connection failures are retried immediately); defaults to 0 (never)

>       --hubble-disable-tls                            Allow Hubble server to run on the given listen address with TLS disabled.

Reviewer: nit: I would just phrase it the other way around
```suggestion
      --hubble-disable-tls                            Allow Hubble server to run on the given listen address without TLS.
```

      --hubble-event-queue-size int                   Buffer size of the channel to receive monitor events.
      --hubble-flow-buffer-size int                   Maximum number of flows in Hubble's buffer. The actual buffer size gets rounded up to the next power of 2, e.g. 4095 => 4096 (default 4095)
      --hubble-listen-address string                  An additional address for Hubble server to listen to, e.g. ":4244"
      --hubble-metrics strings                        List of Hubble metrics to enable.
      --hubble-metrics-server string                  Address to serve Hubble metrics on.
      --hubble-socket-path string                     Set hubble's socket path to listen for connections (default "/var/run/cilium/hubble.sock")

>       --hubble-tls-cert-file string                   Path to the public key file for the Hubble server. The file must contain PEM encoded data.

Reviewer: nit: shorter
```suggestion
      --hubble-tls-cert-file string                   Path to the PEM encoded public key file for the Hubble server.
```

>       --hubble-tls-client-ca-files strings            Paths to one or more public key files of client CA certificates to use for TLS with mutual authentication (mTLS). The files must contain PEM encoded data. When provided, this option effectively enables mTLS.

Reviewer: nit: shorter
```suggestion
      --hubble-tls-client-ca-files strings            Paths to one or more PEM encoded public key files of client CA certificates to use for TLS with mutual authentication (mTLS). Providing this option effectively enables mTLS.
```

>       --hubble-tls-key-file string                    Path to the private key file for the Hubble server. The file must contain PEM encoded data.

Reviewer: nit: shorter
```suggestion
      --hubble-tls-key-file string                    Path to the PEM encoded private key file for the Hubble server.
```
